improve documentation (#32)
philips-labs/terraform-aws-github-runner: modules/webhook/README.md

# Module - GitHub App web hook

> This module creates an API gateway endpoint and lambda function to handle GitHub App web hook events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module creates an API gateway endpoint and lambda function to handle GitHub App webhook events.
```

## Usages

> Usages examples are available in the root module. By default the module will assume the local zip file containing the lambda distribution is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usage examples are available in the root module. By default the root module will assume local zip files containing the lambda distribution are available. See the [download lambda module](../download-lambda/README.md) for more information.
```
